add section to include instructions for hive on tez (#3944)
apache/iceberg: site/docs/hive.md

The table level configuration overrides the global Hadoop configuration.

#### Hive on Tez configuration

> To use Tez engine on Hive, Tez needs to be upgraded to >= `0.10.1` to contain the fix [Tez-4248](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/TEZ-4248).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Tez engine on Hive, Tez needs to be upgraded to >= `0.10.1` which contains a necessary fix [Tez-4248](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/TEZ-4248).
```

Reviewer: Is the above for Hive >=3? If so, probably worth mentioning it. Does this also mean you need to override the Tez jar files that come with the standard Hive installation?

Author: According to [Tez-4100](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/TEZ-4100?jql=project%20%3D%20TEZ%20AND%20text%20~%20%223%22), the Tez 0.10.1 release should be working with Hadoop 3.1.3. And for standard Hive installation (default Tez version should be 0.9.2), the Tez jar file needs to be patched. I'll add a comment for that.

> To use the Tez engine on Hive(requires version >= `3.1.3`), Tez needs to be upgraded to >= `0.10.1` which contains a necessary fix [Tez-4248](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/TEZ-4248).

Reviewer 2: There is no `3.1.3` release ATM. Did you mean 3.1.2?

Author: Yes. I just changed to 3.1.2

> To use the Tez engine on Hive(requires version >= `3.1.2`), Tez needs to be upgraded to >= `0.10.1` which contains a necessary fix [Tez-4248](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/TEZ-4248).

Reviewer 3: The wording is a tiny bit confusing to me. `(requires version >= 3.1.2)` would indicate to me that Tez can only be used with Hive 3. Shall we reword it like this?
`To use the Tez engine on Hive 3.1.2 or later, ...`
followed by: 
`To use the Tez engine on Hive 2.3.x, ...`

Author: Yep. That would be much more clear. 
Updated the PR. Please take another look.

Reviewer 3: Looks good now, thanks

!!! Warning

> For Hive `2.3.x`, need to manual build from Tez `branch-0.9` for compatibility issue in Tez `0.10.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Hive `2.3.x`, you will need to manually build Tez from the `branch-0.9` branch due to a backwards incompatibility issue with Tez `0.10.1`.
```

Reviewer: So if I understand correctly, Hive 2.x only works with Tez 0.9.x and not 0.10.x? And therefore one needs to compile and build a specific version of Tez oneself (from that branch?) and then override the version that comes with Hive 2.3.x?

Author: Correct.

> And also set the hive config `tez.mrreader.config.update.properties=hive.io.file.readcolumn.names,hive.io.file.readcolumn.ids`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to set the following property in the Hive configuration: `tez.mrreader.config.update.properties=hive.io.file.readcolumn.names,hive.io.file.readcolumn.ids`.
```
